This is a completely redesigned version.
Redesigned on 12.05.2026.
LINEBREAK
Change: nikofirey is now female. Dated 26.05.2026.
LINEBREAK
One day, when nothing existed...
And the CREATOR's will was created...
And the engine of all the CREATOR's might spoke up, the TenTrillion Game Engine...
LINEBREAK
The world that the CREATOR wanted to make was created.
It was a world of new creations, new stories and new facilities.
All meant to create this fictional world, where the CREATOR could distract himself.
From the burden of the real world he lived in.
He wanted a place to rest, to interact with the creations that his mind created.
With their stories, their OWN creations, inside his creation. His world.
Because he wanted to see more stories. The real world, was constantly under heavy scrutiny.
He wanted to see peace. He wanted to see people flourishing.
He wanted to see... Everyone co-existing with each other.
LINEBREAK
His engine, the codenamed "ten-trillion", allowed that.
Performing in the name, 10,000,000,000 operations per millisecond, it was the most powerful game engine, the world has ever seen.
It allowed characters to have a mind, have their own thoughts, have their voices.
Instead of being mindless puppets.
LINEBREAK
Because, he never wanted absolute control. He would only watch his world, so it wouldn't become chaotic.
He wanted this world to be peaceful. Any new fictional story he would read in the real world, he would add to his world.
Slowly over time, creating his own hub for all stories he read alike.
Characters co-existed.
Characters lived.
Characters laughed.
Characters ate.
Characters existed.
LINEBREAK
One day, the CREATOR wanted to also add a central character. One that could represent all characters in this world.
So he created "FIREY". A black and white, cat-like Niko. Who quickly became the most popular character in the region.
She was the one who made sure nothing went wrong and helped as many other characters as she can.
Because to her mind, helping people is her might. Not her weakness.
LINEBREAK
Unfortunately, one day, the ten-trillion produced an entity, that didn't align with its rules.
Full Identifier Name: "unauthorized-entity-tentrillion-entity-00001", or just called "unauthorized-entity".
This entity, was defying every inch of the ten-trillion's general stability.
LINEBREAK
Forcing the ten-trillion to compute extreme load heavy processes every second, overheating its central processing units.
This caused the world that the CREATOR made to constantly glitch out, characters didn't know what's going on.
But unauthorized-entity, continued its wrath. FIREY, noticed this happening and quickly started trying to halt the unauthorized entity.
LINEBREAK
But the unauthorized-entity, was constantly exploiting the ten-trillion, spawning other entities and objects that the engine would never allow.
Debug objects.
Debug commands.
This rendered beating this unauthorized-entity, impossible.
If nothing could be done against this entity, the world would be over.
Everything would end.
All the CREATOR's dreams, for a small world where he could see people co-existing.
All she wanted was peace, not conflict.
LINEBREAK
the CREATOR, couldn't intervene directly. The engine's interface, was unable to respond due to the heavy exploiting and rule-breaking that unauthorized-entity was doing.
Because of this, the CREATOR gave FIREY a role. One role.
To save his world.
He wanted his closest creation, to not dissapear.
He didn't want his creations, or his dreams gone.
He didn't want that.
All he wanted, was a place where he could be more creative, be more artistic and just be...
Who he wanted.
Compared to the real world.
Which didn't allow that.
LINEBREAK
FIREY, seeing this happening.
Made it her goal to rescue this world.
Because if she doesn't rescue this world...
Not only will she disappear along with it.
her CREATOR.
Will lose the only shred of happiness...
He ever had.
LINEBREAK
Even after her many injuries after the fight that happened.
And with the CREATOR's will...
LINEBREAK
C: "FIREY! FIREY!"
F: "...y-yes... creator?"
C: "...You're my most beloved character I've ever made."
C: "Even though you might've tried your best to prevent this entity. It never works. It never does."
C: "But... I will give you the power to do it. To rescue your friends! To rescue... Everyone."
F: "..."
C: "I can't do anything. The interface has completely locked me out. I'm trying my best."
C: "I don't want to lose you."
C: "..."
C: "I never want to lose anyone."
C: "I don't want anyone to disappear. I just want... one thing from you."
F: "...y...yea?"
C: "Please rescue this world."
C: "...It's the only shred of happiness, my life will ever give me."
C: "...No one accepts who I really want to be. What I want to achieve."
C: "...All they care about. Is that I'm just a big paycheck to them."
C: "...I don't want that. Who would want that?"
F: "..."
C: "...Please."
C: "...For me."
F: "..."
C: "It... I-It... Won't matter if you won't! I will be fine! Don't worry! I will be fin-"
F: "I'll do it."
F: "Since you made me a reality."
C: "..."
C: "...Thanks."
LINEBREAK
Maybe,
She might be able to.


